[Music]
well your bitch it's time for another
video and we tried to record this a
couple times I uploaded this earlier
over some gameplay some really old plaza
hardpoint gameplay but the game sounds a
little too loud so I figured I'd
re-upload it and make it a little more
short and sweet because that was about a
nine minute video and I touched on a lot
of points but as you see the title this
video is I don't know what the title is
yeah it's gonna be something about
Minecraft and optic but people you know
doctor disrespect he's a good guy we
love dr. Spaeth and I had I laughed Lots
at his video this morning but a lot of
people are taking that seriously and it
was basically about how you know
minecraft is like affecting optic and
we're getting bad tournament placings
and i basically just wanted to point out
that you know since since gfinity one
myself and matthew nadeshot hey that you
see there in the background we've we've
been in the team house and you know
we're not pointing fingers any of our
teammates or anything like that but in
our teammates absence you know we had to
feel time with something so we started
playing a game called minecraft it's one
of those popular games in the world I'm
sure you know exactly what it is and
we've had a lot of fun with it we played
a little bit every day maybe more than a
little bit at this point because we are
just now getting to the point where we
were all four back in the house since
gfinity won and since then MLG has
changed some of their some of their
rules and basically not some of the
rules the entire way the pro point
system works so now different from the
past you can gain profiles from playing
I think even 1v1 tournaments to V to
tournaments 3v3
online tournaments any of these and it
doesn't even have to be the exact same
rule set that you see at the the major
league gaming land of it's so like
Anaheim Dallas you can play GB variant
rules you can play with stun grenades no
flak jacket trophy systems which changes
the game a lot some people may think
that's such a minor difference but is
literally like playing a different game
especially when you're playing it's
people who only play those game types so
you see people like
to win these terms like Huskers stoner
are a few of the guys who have won the
most tournaments but you don't see them
at MLG tournaments because it's not what
they play but now with the pro point
change we are forced to play what we're
not used to so so we're basically I'm
trying to tell you why you're seeing
some of these placings from these online
tournaments you may see us go out in the
first round second round but you you
have to realize this would have happened
regardless of us playing another a
Minecraft game for three to four hours a
day would have happened during modern
warefare a won't what how long you think
about five years about 13 but regardless
of that I don't even want to use past
success to justify my present actions no
because if you did that you would have
said y'all German model war for three
where we just pretty much dominated the
whole game I spent the entire season
offseason and during the season plain
n-c-double-a illa fucking football
winning my my biggest thing before you
guys go is we've been competing since
2008 we know what we need we know we
know we know what they're gonna do we
know what we don't need to do we know
how to accomplish practice schedules we
know how to win championships we
understand that and we we're not
oblivious to what's going on guys we
completely absolutely in our situation
and you guys think we're so out of touch
working like a big fuck you the call to
your community that's not what we're
doing at all okay we're gonna practice
we want to win it's gonna happen our
next major tournament is not until
October and after our major events that
has not even September people always
forget our placings this year although
we are not complacent with our places
this year which are by the way are not
terrible first fifth third third third
every major tournament we placed on a
top 3 one time 1 to our best placing or
our worst placing is better than 95% of
the pro players in this community's best
placing and that's not even us being
complacent we're just letting you know
people just forget I don't know what it
is or what we do to you guys that make
you think that we don't care about
winning we don't want to do these things
we know what we need to do it's gonna
happen and you know what else what else
and this is something that I wanted to
say
for loans okay okay I don't sit here and
just do shit okay
I don't sit here it just played
minecraft the behind-the-scenes shit the
boring shit the shitty will never see
shit is where I shine and I think that I
have a pretty good track record of
knowing what to do at all times so if my
team at any point was veering off was
steering off was doing anything that was
not in accordance to the fucking plan I
will not let them do it but minecraft is
something that we're doing because we
have time to do it now we record we got
to where we were by understanding what
needs to be done okay that's not gonna
change
we're not oblivious we're not stupid we
don't we're not just running around
playing minecraft mining diamonds guys
there's slewing diamonds okay now I will
say this okay I will say this and I'll
say it again this message is this video
is directed at the 5% of those fans who
call themselves fans but yet give us
some shit on YouTube to the other 95% of
you guys that know what's up that love
us that know that we have a plan we
appreciate your support this message is
not for you you guys are good we're
doing this for you and we'll continue to
do this for you and we'll continue to do
what needs to be done to continue to be
what needs to be done so anything else
any final words no turn ninety five
percent we love you five percent get
taught yep Matthew anything else I'm
sunburned we're gonna win yes we are
we're we're changing our teammate from
off the game to ovo October's very own
because we got five majors Hermits in
October and we planning on we don't want
them but okay pretty close with the red
face yeah they said not certain for a
long time and I wanna beat a dead horse
but we know what we're doing I promise
we're gonna win tournament this year
we're gonna win more we're still gonna
have very very consistent placings we're
gonna be fine I can assure you that
anyway like I said I want to beat a dead
horse so as always I don't have an outro
but see you saw you my personal YouTube
I'll fuck see us in October fuck what
you heard we don't be back